Release notes for Forms 8.13.14, 10.5.4, 12.2.3 and 13.0.2 and Deploy 4.9.4, 10.3.4, 12.1.4 and 13.0.4 (#5847)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 10/umbraco-forms/release-notes.md

<summary>Version 10</summary>

[**10.5.4**](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Forms.Issues/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed+label%3Arelease%2F10.5.4) **(February 20th 2024)**

* Fixed ordering of forms by name in security screen [#1122](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Forms.Issues/issues/1122)

> * Update the copy form dialog to use standard CMS patterns for button state and disabling after click [#1121](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Forms.Issues/issues/1121).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated the copy form dialog to use standard CMS patterns for button state and disable it after clicking [#1121](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Forms.Issues/issues/1121).
```

* Ensured UI for the upload of a text file for a prevalue source only allows selection of expected .txt files.
* Fixed handling of API and traditional form posts in reCAPTCHA 3 checks [#1150](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Forms.Issues/issues/1150)

> * Fixed display of validation error when a duplicate form field alias is created [#1150](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Forms.Issues/issues/1152)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed display of validation error when a duplicate form field alias is created [#1152](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Forms.Issues/issues/1152)
```

<summary>Version 8</summary>

[**8.13.14**](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Forms.Issues/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed+label%3Arelease%2F8.13.14) **(February 20th 2024)**

* Null checks on setting prevalue captions handling issues with upgraded form definitions [#1148](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Forms.Issues/issues/1148).
* Fixed ordering of forms by name in security screen [#1122](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Forms.Issues/issues/1122)

> * Update the copy form dialog to use standard CMS patterns for button state and disabling after click [#1121](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Forms.Issues/issues/1121).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated the copy form dialog to use standard CMS patterns for button state and disable it after clicking [#1121](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Forms.Issues/issues/1121).
```

> * Ensured UI for the upload of a text file for a prevalue source only allows selection of expected .txt files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Ensured UI for the upload of a text file for a prevalue source only allows the selection of expected .txt files.
```
